cloud: Event page supports displaying more event types (#13432)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-events.md

TiDB Cloud logs the following types of cluster events:

| Event Type| Description | 

> |:--- |:--- |:--- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:--- |:--- |
```

> | CreateCluster |  Events recorded the actions of creating cluster.  |  
> | PauseCluster |   Events recorded the actions of pausing cluster. |  
> | ResumeCluster |   Events recorded the actions of resuming cluster. | 
> | ModifyClusterSize |   Events recorded the actions of modifying cluster size. | 
> | BackupCluster |   Events recorded the actions of backing up cluster. |  
> | RestoreFromCluster |   Events recorded the actions of restoring cluster. |  
> | CreateChangefeed |   Events recorded the actions of creating changefeed. |  
> | PauseChangefeed |   Events recorded the actions of pausing changefeed. | 
> | ResumeChangefeed |   Events recorded the actions of resuming changefeed. | 
> | DeleteChangefeed |   Events recorded the actions of deleting changefeed. |  
> | EditChangefeed |   Events recorded the actions of editing changefeed.|  
> | ScaleChangefeed |   Events recorded the actions of scaling changefeed. |  
> | FailedChangefeed |   Events recorded the failure of the changefeed. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CreateCluster |  Create a cluster |  
| PauseCluster |   Pause a cluster |  
| ResumeCluster |   Resume a cluster | 
| ModifyClusterSize |   Modify cluster size | 
| BackupCluster |   Back up a cluster |  
| RestoreFromCluster |   Restore a cluster |  
| CreateChangefeed |   Create a changefeed |  
| PauseChangefeed |   Pause a changefeed | 
| ResumeChangefeed |   Resume a changefeed | 
| DeleteChangefeed |   Delete a changefeed |  
| EditChangefeed |  Edit a changefeed |  
| ScaleChangefeed |   Scale the specification of a changefeed |  
| FailedChangefeed |   Changefeed failures |  
```

Reviewer: Refer to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-console-auditing#console-audit-event-types
